And the most concrete level is where the
business objectives were met and served.
So that may be more task efficiency by
employees or more accuracy in the final
product and features or more commonly,
if it lowered costs and raised profits.
Now has a design practitioner
in the organization.
Additionally success for me is
whether the trade-offs are made
at the right place in the system.
So let's say a piece of data
needs to be in the database for
something important to happened.
Something like a client's projects,
requirements need to be entered in.
The design questions are then one
who would in the process is assigned
a data entry and then to can that
person fulfill that data entry as
efficiently and as accurate as possible.
Now if I can find myself answering
the first question, very Confidently
and then track the improvements.
That second question with
analytics or follow-up testing.
Then I consider that successful
from a design point of view.